Add Gizmo and Inject ConstraintVerifier to Release Notes (#332)
kiegroup/optaplanner-website: download/releaseNotes/releaseNotes8.adoc

We have made some tweaks under the hood
so that your experience with the recently released link:https://openjdk.java.net/projects/jdk/16/[OpenJDK 16] continues to be smooth.

=== Inject and Autowire ConstraintVerifier in Quarkus and Spring Boot

You can now link:https://docs.optaplanner.org/latestFinal/optaplanner-docs/html_single/index.html#constraintStreamsTestingQuarkus[inject the Constraint Verifier in Quarkus] and
link:https://docs.optaplanner.org/latestFinal/optaplanner-docs/html_single/index.html#constraintStreamsTestingSpringBoot[autowire the Constraint Verifier in Spring Boot], allowing

> you to easily test your link:https://docs.optaplanner.org/latestFinal/optaplanner-docs/html_single/index.html#constraintStreams[ConstraintProvider constraints].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you to link:https://docs.optaplanner.org/latestFinal/optaplanner-docs/html_single/index.html#constraintStreamsTesting[test your constraints] more easily.
```

Author: I don't agree with "test your constraints" since that implies it can be used with DRL's, EasyScoreCalculator, IncrementalScoreCalculator, etc. but can only be use with ConstraintStreams/ConstraintProvider

Reviewer: Fair point. "test your constraint streams works as well.

=== Faster Domain Accessors and Cloning with Gizmo

We have added link:https://docs.optaplanner.org/latestFinal/optaplanner-docs/html_single/index.html#domainAccess[Gizmo generated domain accessors and solution
cloners], which offer better performance than the reflection based
domain accessors and solution cloners but come with some

> restrictions.

Reviewer: I don't think we should do cliffhangers.
Say something like "when used with Quarkus".

I wouldn't really mention the "everything public" option, as that is an antipattern.

Author: I could remove "but come with some restrictions" entirely; I don't like "when used with Quarkus" since it make it seems like only Quarkus get a benefit/it require Quarkus.
